nodejs: instance based auth for bounds actions (#1262)
cap-js/docs: guides/security/authorization.md

| CDS Resource    | `grant` | `to` |      `where`      | Remark        |
|-----------------|:-------:|:----:|:-----------------:|---------------|
| service         |  <Na/>  | <Y/> |       <Na/>       | = `@requires` |
| entity          |  <Y/>   | <Y/> | <Y/><sup>1</sup>  |               |
| action/function |  <Na/>  | <Y/> | <Na/><sup>2</sup> | = `@requires` |

> > <sup>1</sup>For bound actions and functions, which are not bound against collection, Node.js supports Instance-Based Authorization on entity level - `where` clauses *containing references to the model* such as `where: CreatedBy = $user`. For all bound actions and functions Node.js supports simple static expressions *that don't have any reference to the model* on entity level such as `where: $user.level = 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>1</sup>For bound actions and functions that aren't bound against a collection, Node.js supports instance-based authorization at the entity level. For example, you can use `where` clauses that *contain references to the model*, such as `where: CreatedBy = $user`. For all bound actions and functions, Node.js supports simple static expressions at the entity level that *don't have any reference to the model*, such as `where: $user.level = 2`.
```

> > <sup>2</sup> For unbound actions and functions Node.js supports simple static expressions *that don't have any reference to the model* such as `where: $user.level = 2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>2</sup> For unbound actions and functions, Node.js supports simple static expressions that *don't have any reference to the model*, such as `where: $user.level = 2`. 
```

- `UPDATE` (as reject condition)
- `DELETE` (as reject condition)

>  > <sup>1</sup> Node.js supports _static expressions_ *that don't have any reference to the model* such as `where: $user.level = 2` for all events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > <sup>1</sup> Node.js supports _static expressions_ that *don't have any reference to the model* such as `where: $user.level = 2` for all events.
```
